## Intro To AWS Challenge for Frontend Developers

This assumes that you already have experience with React (although the app is still fairly simple, so don't feel overwhelmed if you're still new to React). The instructions in this challenge are intentionally left fairly high-level so that you are forced to search for and read through the various documentation for the services that we'll be using - getting familiar with the docs is half the work! This will give you a brief intro to some common AWS Services like S3, Lambda, SES, and API Gateway. Everything in this challenge should be possible on the AWS Free Tier (if anything isn't, it should at least by trivially cheap.) This will also give you a quick intro to serverless paradigms and cloud architecture as you'll be utilizing FaunaDB and various AWS services instead of trying to implement these functionalities like you would in a monolithic app.

1. - [] Use create-react-app to build a simple to do list app using TypeScript. If this feels too easy, then try not to spend much time on this step. We just need an SPA to work with for later challenges. Put the app on GitHub and version control it. Share it with me.
2. - [] Deploy the app via S3 (you can just manually upload it). Specifically, you should create an S3 bucket, make it public, and enable web hosting. You'll need to make sure the index.html file is set up as the index correctly. Send me a link to your new s3 website once you've got this online. Poke around the S3 dashboard and get familiar with it - enable and check out the metrics seciton - you can use S3 to track traffic.
3. Install the AWS CLI on your computer if you haven't already and run `aws configure` to configure it with your AWS credentials.
4. Add a command to the `scripts` section of your `package.json` file called `sync-s3` with the value `aws s3 sync dist s3://your-bucket-name --acl public-read`. Now when you run `npm sync-s3`, it will upload your `dist` directory to your S3 bucket automatically! (You may need to change `dist` to the correct directory name.)
5. Make an account with FaunaDB and set up a simple database that lets you save to dos. FaunaDB is a serverless database-as-a-service with a free tier that can also support GraphQL out of the box.
6. Hook your app up to FaundaDB so that when you add a new to-do, it saves to and loads from the database using GraphQL.
7. Using TypeScript, create a lambda function on AWS that simply returns "Hello World" when called. (You can use Serverless framework if you want to get fancy, otherwise just upload the JavaScript file that TS compiles manually.)
8. Update your lambda function to query FaunaDB, get the list of to dos, and return them.
9. Update your lambda function again to accept an email input and then send the list of to dos using AWS SES (Simple Email Service) when called in addition to returning it.
10. Set up an API Gateway in AWS that allows you to POST to an API endpoint to call the function.
11. Add an input and a submit button on the to-do app that lets you email the list to yourself from the app UI.
